How could there be another one?
The money has been given to you for retirement.
I'm afraid you will be very happy. My husband couldn't get out of his eyes.
Forget about missing accounts. Miss,
Congratulations on getting this effect.
Boy, I've beaten you countless times.
Miss, this is the gift prepared by you, Mr. Zhang.
Kallio Wuyi Cash, I wish you a good start in business,
You're on your way. What? I can do that.
Don't worry, kid, you will definitely be able to bear it.
Are you stupid because of suspicion?
Then I will add some clothes
Is this someone’s sincerity? Let’s get familiar with it.
This is familiar
Even if I lend you this money
Then the project was successfully developed
I will take the book and guide you and return it to you
As long as you can help Miss Su, can you?
You are my great blessing as a warrior.
If you have nothing else to do
Xiaoyu, this amount is too big, I will do it for you first